friends here.
We're going to write one simple python.
Strip the purpose off your pie,
transcriptase.
Find all fights in a territory with extension.
Not the way or dressage.
Or maybe any.
You're required.
Extension,
I mean,
while running your fight on skirt.
First of all,
it has to ask the entry Were directory park.
After giving your part,
it has to ask.
Enter the extension off.
You're required files.
Suppose Let's say I'm giving dark.
Beware extension.
Then it has to display only dark puree files in a given location.
So it was.
If you don't a such then it has to display only dot as a set of files in the given location
.
Right.
Let me go on.
My strip.
So hats off.
No,
I'm going to open my you next box.
Sanskrit will run even on your we know,
so as well.
Night.
See there.
Let me take some symbols to pass.
Yet Look,
wide extension files don't be white.
See this issue by started?
This is UNIX like systems.
You can also write your shebang line.
So So this is my fight on location.
But don't write this whenever.
If you're running your skipped on your who knows systems it is.
It will work only on your next like systems.
Okay,
now the first thing is our stupid has to read a part.
Parties always history.
We know in Beit on three to read your part,
we how let me take user part are required part I'm taking required part right input and
that we were part and very What Indirectly pot.
That's a then After giving your Barrick Lee Pot immediately hard to ask to the user but a
quite extinction Now in that given location,
what are the files you need with what excision you need,
right?
That's why enter the required file a file's extension.
Example.
I'm giving not be by or not Shh.
Not log,
maybe anything based on user requirement,
maybe.
Or txt whatever it may be.
That's what I want to read from the user.
Fine.
So first of all,
user is okay as off.
No,
You're going to run this escape.
See the how it is going to work.
Let me take some part.
This has my part.
Suppose Let me come out from here,
then.
I'm going to the north by town skid before going to run let me provide execution
permissions now,
because this Islamic system,
after pouring your permissions after giving your shebang line,
you condone your pipe landscape with the dark slash.
So it is asking Enter your direct report.
Now I'm and bring suppose this one anybody you're required but you can do offer that it is
asking in very well are required extension for your files I am on drinks up was not the way
your script is ending because I know you don't have any logic to find out your extensions.
Your files with the extension only we have a logic to read spot on.
Then do read your extension off a fine.
Fine.
See suppose given part given part by mistake support if user enters a file part.
Right.
See?
Suppose if I take this has apart.
This is definitely part.
Suppose now you fight day support something like Ah,
we don't have anything here.
Yeah,
get required.
This if I do this one right,
These not a territory if it is not a diary right now,
anything inside of that,
right?
So that's why this part is always directory.
So what I want to raise after reading your directory part I'm taking where this is a valued
at report or more so.
It's a good practice,
actually.
Write that lousy.
So before reading your extension,
right,
I can also write my logic off reading extension.
But before reading extension,
I'm writing my la Z.
That is,
if even part is file or directory.
I want to take it.
You know,
in your fight on you have a ways model in that way is model.
We know how.
Where's that part door is file or is there a tree?
So know what I'm drinking?
Use ways dark,
but dot is fight If it is a fine,
I want to stop my script And then I want to say the user,
please pass only directory part.
Okay,
So,
guys,
this script I'm implementing just Tokyo ideas about your modules on some concepts.
Okay,
you may write the same good in a different way.
More Barolo.
Fine.
Now what I'm doing is in case if the given part is a file,
then what I want to say to the user Bring the given part.
Whatever the user is going to do that given part that but a required But is the file please
,
boss.
Only directory part.
That's it.
I'm closing then Else else Right.
So here,
I need to write my la Z.
So,
for time being,
I would like this also so that he will get some ideas I'm reading here.
Now,
let me remove this part here.
So here,
I need to implement my logic as off.
No,
I'm not implementing will come back and we'll implement.
Okay,
so implement you are actual logic here.
We implement it after some time.
Just wait.
Let me save it.
Right.
So what I'm doing is let me do one thing under you to me.
Let me take some read.
I will do one thing.
Okay,
Come back.
And this is your script,
right?
No,
I'm running that.
So it is asking Enter your directory part,
but suppose just assume that I'm going to give a part called in this location.
I'm going to give some files spot.
Let's say it may be anything since Could be saying that.
See that enter required.
Okay.
Quite a file actions.
Let me and,
uh,
not be way the given pot.
He's a file.
Please pass only directory part.
Suppose if I under if I enter only directory part.
Let me take this one.
No,
you're skipped display.
Implement your actual logic when it implement that part night.
No,
See,
one more thing here we are going to implement our logic.
Okay,
first of all,
what I will lose.
I released all the world directories and files in a given location.
De in else block only because in if condition what we're checking.
If it is a file,
then we're displaying this information.
You know,
if this is true,
then you're else Block won't exclude.
If this is false Means you're giving violin directory part.
Then they're going to exclude this one right now.
See,
what I'm doing is bring seeing the given location.
If you want to list all your directories and files If you remember,
there is a operation called Ways Door Lister directly.
Then you will require part.
Okay,
let me say we don't own it and see the result.
I'm running and I'm going to provide your part.
Us definitely part.
Okay,
lets embroidered Extension Darby way.
Yes,
in the given location.
You're getting all the files which are there.
But actually what intention?
Ease.
We hardly display wanted Hubble dot the way or dark message,
whatever it may be,
whatever the user user is going to it.
And that's that Extension fighters when he died in to fight.
So no wonder how to do how to take one by one file from here.
And I need to check it.
Whether it is ending with Darby,
we are not,
You know how to take one by one file from the list by using for loop,
you can take it.
But before that,
let me tell you one more thing.
See what?
All the path you're going to wonder if it is empty.
Then why should we check whether files ending with a dot the way our mark.
Right?
So that's why what I'm doing is,
before writing or actual logic,
I'm checking.
I'm taking first,
let me find out all files under it,
Reese.
All files and directories in a given location.
Then after that,
I am reading one motive condition inside of your else that is.
Ive leant off.
You know what is the land function?
It is going to find out number off values in a given list.
You know,
this operation or put is a list of guys now I'm checking.
How many values are there in this by mistake?
If you have a job,
Alice means there are no files under it is in a given location.
So at that time,
I no need to find any logically.
So I'm writing Simply bring the given.
The given part is on empty.
But so that part I'm reading here.
What is a given part?
A required part.
That's it.
Let me check it.
World is working perfectly or not else else.
Then we hard,
right?
Actual logic.
So then else here I'm going to write,
Bring implement your logic.
So I have No,
we are not implementing.
Yes,
we implement it,
right?
Just wait No.
There is a direct recall.
Empty.
I'm taking this empty territory under.
Then let me take this one on also that part.
Then come back then we have our file.
Here,
Let me run it,
Goldman.
One extra parentis.
Let me remove that.
See that territory are part I'm going toe in this Remove This parents is That's a night.
Fine.
Now I'm running this one seed output.
Enter a one directory part.
I'm wondering.
Suppose you'd any part?
No.
See that.
But okay.
Under the required files extension as well.
Let me enter it.
Implement your logic.
Actually,
this is not an EMP leader,
right?
That's why implement your La Z know what I'm doing is I'm going to enter empty dirt Report
.
No,
no.
See,
the results given part is whatever the part and empty but right.
That's why we need to find out the way files.
But if you after your logic clearly let me open it first before checking whether the given
parties empty or not,
you're also reading required file extension.
No,
in guess you forgiven parties an empty pot.
Why should we read this extension case?
That's why now what I'm doing is I'm going to come in the line or I'm going to reveal that
line there on.
I won't write somewhere else where I have,
right?
If you are given parties having some files,
then only I want to read extension right?
See if Elsa Block is executing means inside off your else You have one more.
The fells If this else's excluding means you have some list off files in a given location.
Then only I want to read an extension.
Thank you.
No si.
Let me save it and run it on before going to run.
Let me take my part.
This one.
No improving empty pot,
No doubt it is giving given parties and empty.
But no if I do some valid but I mean apart which is having some values.
No,
It will also ask anybody what extension?
Like if you're empty part.
It is not asking if you did you some part which is having some values,
some files under trees,
then only these asking and terrible extension.
That's good,
actually.
So,
honestly,
we're not going to read extension if you are given parties and empty Fine.
No,
What I'm doing is often leading you an extension.
Our requirement.
These we have to take one by one file from all your files under trees.
So I am begging for each file in your list.
Off ice.
Let me first print each fight in a given location.
Like let me honey dot slash I'm going to run.
It is asking.
Enter your path.
Let me under my part.
I suppose this one?
Yes.
No,
I'm giving extension as don't be way.
But your script is spending all the files right?
Files under trees.
I don't want to print all the fights which are having which are ending with dark the way
those files only I want to print.
That's why again in or if condition Sorry again in your for loop the harder out of
condition before printing your files.
See what I'm doing before printing you are file If if you remember string operation is
there.
That is ends with it.
Your party is always your party is always string Now file is a string Barrett Reza String.
No,
simply I'm doing.
Is it ending with not really extension.
If it is really ending with did not the way extension then only I want to print.
Otherwise I don't bother aboard that,
right?
No,
let me down.
Your script can see the result now I am giving part as and I'm giving dot Be white.
See that?
What?
You're getting wounded?
Not be way files.
Now let me van us trip once again on let me provide Exceptional Supposed not as such.
See that put Oh my Oh,
the problem is definitely I fix it.
Extension is not the way.
But what about the part extension?
You're reading that variable yard right now.
So actually,
this in this you are storing your extension,
right?
No,
it will work.
Let me and Larry were part first.
Let me under daughter such?
Yes,
you're getting only dot essential files.
Let me relearn and provide.
Supposed that B y know,
you're waiting on the dot The way files,
right?
Fine.
If you had a very well script,
your script is displaying individually.
You are required files,
but I don't want to print individually.
I want to print all your dark be way or dot Shh.
As a list,
then how you can do it,
right?
See,
guys were nobody.
If you want to create the list based on your required values,
first of all,
you have to define somewhere and empty list.
So after reading your extension,
what I'm doing is I'm defining an empty list.
That is that medic Quiet files equals to an empty list instead of printing.
What I'm doing is in inside off your for Luke.
I'm opening your each and every you each and every file into in your list.
If you remember,
there is open operation with your list.
The purpose off upper an operation is I think you were given values to your list.
That's her,
right?
One of them After completion,
off your for Luke.
I'm going to print Finally,
the required it.
See the result?
The required files are as a list I'm bringing you have pagan required files.
Rt Q Right.
And I didn't miss taking off.
Look,
let me go on Modified That variable name,
as are you Q,
right,
Fine.
But we save it on drink.
I'm running.
I'm going to provide a part called Where is my part?
You can take any part,
right?
As of now,
I am giving this part and I'm giving dark the way.
Extension.
See the result.
Now,
instead of printing your files separately,
you're getting as a list off your required files.
Not only this same script will work for any type of files.
Let me end up and see the result.
I'm wondering suppose dot Shh.
Yes,
Fine.
There's no final concert,
please.
I'm giving a path.
Call this one.
Suppose I want to get a list off some batch files.
See the result?
The required file sore empty list you're getting because there are no empty bad files in my
given this directly see the result here.
We don't know anything which is dining with the dot Bad.
If I don't find any files ending with a dark bad in a given location,
I don't want to put in this way.
I want to print like there are no dot bad files in a given location.
Interpreting an empty I think,
is that it's very simple.
See that what I'm doing is before printing before printing.
You are required files from this list I'm taking.
But that that whether that he's having Gerald Wallace or not let off your required files
secret Easy cause to Jiro.
Then I want to print Bring.
There are no What about the extension you're providing that extension files fights in the
location in the location off?
You conveyed your message in any way?
No.
What is?
They are required given part.
This one right?
That's it else Else then Only else means not equals to Jeremy's.
There are some files.
No,
I'm bringing that like See that result?
Now I'm going to run You escape.
Let me copy your part.
I'm giving your part extension.
I'm giving dot Backed.
There are no doubt bad files in the location off.
You are that one.
Let me read on and provide.
Not the way extensions.
Yes,
you are getting life,
but one more just for your decoration purpose time.
I won't write one more line.
That is,
if you have some values home.
I mean,
if you're some not the way files how maney files you have in that right?
See?
Nothing is there against what is simple.
I'm blending with one more Prince Erdman print There are there are lent off.
You were required files.
That means it is going to give account.
How many valleys are there in that list?
There are in this many number of files in a in the location off require a pot with an
extension off.
Whatever that given the extension.
Right,
That is there in this not so fine.
I'm They are myself writing that equated files are I can write.
So the files are so the files are not Let me say we done done it.
I'm giving a part off this one.
Mostly the music.
Not really,
I There are five files in the location off with an extension dark by then.
So the file sore you're getting those five files,
Not only this,
right?
You can provide any part on any file extension automatically now or fight on Skip.
It will fetch them only two files on your getting them.
Right?
So there is a simple where to get your required files with your require extension in a
given location.
See,
here maybe concepts are simple,
but the thing is,
you have to understand that why we are taking first defense block.
And why were writing the court only inside off your else.
Block off your festive condition first.
This is our main core Guys,
if you want to understand this school,
you have to understand In this way if you run your core drillings good from top down,
right?
You have three lines Main Sorry one do three for file it.
Meaning mainland's in the fight mainland But nobody if you run your script.
So by this land your operating system will understand that the remaining court has to run
with help off your pipe on three.
Then you are importing voice.
Then you're really in your path.
Then you come under this Don't whatever this line then if ideals so first of all you
understand that if conditions proved this land leg school,
If condition is false,
this entire block is going to execute.
But inside that again,
we have one more condition.
That's a different story.
If given parties a file,
then you're going to exclude this line.
Then you know you.
Then you don't have any lines to execute.
If this is false,
means given parties that a tree,
right?
Then you're going toe eggs.
Good.
These lines right?
Then you are finding the number off files under these which are there in a given path.
Right.
Then maybe you have some files under this in a given location or you may not have anything
in that.
That's why I'm taking if all files and there it is in a given location.
The number of values,
if he caused to Jiro wanted to find the extension finds right.
That's why it funnels if number off values I mean number of files and artist R equals zero
.
Then you are printing this one.
Then your script is over.
If it is not because of Jeremy,
there are something maybe file Solidarity's are both No problem.
So if there are something,
then only I want to read Extension?
Yes,
I'm reading back.
Right.
So they say,
Just available.
You're defending an empty list.
Then you're going to get some number off files.
And there it is in this,
right?
No,
My intention is I want to take one by one,
and then I want to check whether this is ending with you were require extension or not.
If it is ending with the required extension,
then I'm storing that value into this list.
You know,
in list.
You can store any number off values right after completion of your for.
Look what I'm doing,
right.
If lent off your required files,
what are the files you're finding?
If it is acquitted,
you know,
means there are no dark the way our daughter such whatever it may be your extension.
We did that extension.
You don't know any files.
That's why I'm bringing this information.
Else Means you have some files.
Then I'm bringing that.
How many files are there?
What are those?
Nothing encased in this anti program.
If you provide valid part,
then a little work.
Suppose if you render an invalid part.
See that?
First of all,
I'm wondering.
Know about us.
Something see that?
No such file or directory,
right?
That's why you have to provide valued file in case if you provide were invalid filer
invaluable part.
Then how to take care?
We will see that.
Well,
going forward as off.
No way learning this clip your toe provide valid part Only it may be directly part or file
parts.
If you probably file part,
then your script will stop on says that this is a fight part.
Please pause only directly part if you provide value,
that report and we'll work on your given path.
Right.
So if you provide any invalid part how 200.
We will see that while going forward.
I don't want to confuse you in a single area with all those concepts.
Right?
Fine.
OK,
guys,
Thank you for watching this video.